Add documentation for used-by links (#133)
GSA/automate.fedramp.gov: content/documentation/ssp/4-ssp-template-to-oscal-mapping.md

---
## Ports, Protocols and Services

> Entries in the ports, protocols, and services table are represented as component assemblies, with the component-type flag set to "service". Use a protocol assembly for each protocol associated with the service. For a single port, set the port-range start flag and end flag to the same value. A component must reference the existing component(s) that use it via network communication by including a `used-by` link to identify the component.

Reviewer: Just small suggestions. If you don't like them, ignore them.
```suggestion
Entries in the ports, protocols, and services table are represented as component assemblies, with the `type` flag set to "service". Use a protocol assembly for each protocol associated with the service. For a single port, set the port-range `start` and `end` flags to the same value. A component must reference the existing components that use it via network communication by including a `used-by` link to identify the component.
```

Author: I appreciate the feedback, but I am going to resolve this since the feedback is on content that isn't part of the changes in this PR.
